docs: add note about non-deterministic sort order in collections (#11908)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/content-collections.mdx

```

> :::note
> Sort order of generated collections is non-deterministic and platform-dependent. This means that if you are calling getCollection(), the order in which entries are returned may be different than before. If you need a specific order, you must sort the collection entries yourself.
> :::

Reviewer: ``````suggestion

The sort order of generated collections is non-deterministic and platform-dependent. This means that if you are calling `getCollection()` and need your entries returned in a specific order (e.g. blog posts sorted by date), you must sort the collection entries yourself:

```astro title="src/pages/blog.astro"
import { getCollection } from 'astro:content';

const posts = (await getCollection('blog')).sort(
	(a, b) => b.data.pubDate.valueOf() - a.data.pubDate.valueOf(),
);
```
``````

- updated the text because "different than before" is no longer meaningful if this isn't part of comparing old collections to new collections
- also thought a code example could be helpful here! (I grabbed this from the official Astro blog template)
- With this, the text is probably actually more readable if it's *not* in a note! Notes are for things that are "aside" of the regular explanation of how things work -- and this *is exactly* how it works, complete with an example, so I think it should be full proper text and not a HUGE note.
